well howdy there know the people it's Bo
again so I was not working in the art
and somebody tweeted me something so
here we are making a video about it once
again a group of people is wearing a
patch that they have no clue what it
means apparently and we're going to talk
about that real quick because it's
entertaining on some levels and
disturbing on others okay so in the
United States there there's a group of
people who use 3% as their symbol
sometimes it's the number three followed
by the % sometimes it's Roman numeral
three followed by the % the name
originates from the idea that it only
took three percent of colonists to get
rid of King George only took three
percent to get active now I'll go ahead
and tell you now that's probably
historically inaccurate but that's where
the name comes from okay so this group
of people people who use this symbol
they're pretty decentralized each
individual group that uses it is
different from the one right next door
some of them are incredibly great guys
there are some of them that are in the
streets with the people right now no
doubt in my mind there are also some
that are not great guys and now we have
a third group of people using this patch
okay the whole mission statement the
whole idea behind this is to defend the
Bill of Rights and stop government
overreach that's the concept of the the
three-percent movement okay so if you
are currently holding a shield and a
club staring at Americans in the street
exercising their free speech and
peaceably assembling and you're
attempting to antagonize it and
intimidate them and turn it to a
situation where it is not peaceable
assembly you are not a three per if you
are attempting to file ins people's free
speech you are not a three per if you
are engaging in mass arrests you are not
a three per if you think that this
situation sparked all of this is in any
way shape or form justified or excusable
you are not a three / if you think the
solution to the current situation is to
drop a bunch of Americans without due
process you are not a three / I've never
seen this much cognitive dissonance in
my entire life you're literally actively
standing against what that patch means
while wearing it it's it's that's
something else it's embarrassing take
that patch off I've come to the
conclusion law enforcement just should
not wear morale patches this is just
like the rule 303 thing you had no clue
what it meant and if you think that it
just means I support you know the Second
Amendment you're wrong
take that patch off now there are a lot
of people who are calling these guys
bootlickers I don't think that's fair I
don't think it's fair because it's not
accurate they're they're not bootlickers
they're the boot anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good day